Some typos fixed (#171)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: src/documentation/0019-package-json/index.md

What's that for? What should you know about it, and what are some of the cool things you can do with it?

> The `package.json` file is kind of a manifest for your project. It can do a lot of things, completely unrelated. It's a central repository of configuration for tools, for example. It's also where npm and `yarn` store the names and versions of the package they installed.

Reviewer: Could the word “npm” be quoted with backticks like “yarn”?

“packages” could be plural in “... names and versions of the packages”?

Subjective, but if ~~”they installed”~~ is removed at the end of the sentence to make it tiny bit shorter.

> The `package.json` file is kind of a manifest for your project. It can do a lot of things, completely unrelated. It's a central repository of configuration for tools, for example. It's also where npm and `yarn` store the names and versions of the package they installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `package.json` file is kind of a manifest for your project. It can do a lot of things, completely unrelated. It's a central repository of configuration for tools, for example. It's also where `npm` and `yarn` store the names and versions of the packages.
```

Reviewer 3: @jgb-solutions I suggest you merge the suggestion from @mbj36 so I can merge this PR. 👍

This section describes the properties you can use in detail. We refer to "package" but the same thing applies to local applications which you do not use as packages.

> Most of those properties are only used on the <https://www.npmjs.com/>, others by scripts that interact with your code, like `npm` or others.

Reviewer 4: Not your change, but since we're already touching this line, can we get rid of the extra `the`?

```suggestion
Most of those properties are only used on <https://www.npmjs.com/>, others by scripts that interact with your code, like `npm` or others.
```

Reviewer 3: @jgb-solutions I suggest you merge the suggestion from @sagirk  so I can merge this PR. 👍
